In this module, you will learn about the application and
implementation of the two most common localization algorithms.
You will start by learning about the Kalman Filter,
a very robust algorithm for filtering noisy sensor data.
You will code the Kalman Filter in C++,
and you'll then learn about the algorithm's limitations and how they can be
overcome with a variation of the algorithm called the Extended Kalman Filter.
Then, there'll be a lab in which you'll be introduced to sensor fusion,
the process of combining data from multiple sensors to
calculate the most accurate estimate of a measured value.
You'll then use your knowledge and apply
sensor fusion Extended Kalman Filter package with ROS to estimate the robot's pose.
Moving on, you'll learn the Monte Carlo Localization.
MCL uses particle filters to track your robot pose and present many advantages over EKF.
After learning the MCL algorithm,
you'll code in C++ to generate particles and localize your robot in a 2D map.
And you'll visualize how particles can estimate your robot's pose.
Finally, you'll build and customize your mobile robot in Gazebo.
And you'll be tracking your robot pose while it navigates in a map
using the adaptive Monte Carlo Localization package in ROS.
Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get started.